in your research you looked at a lot of
alternative treatments as well and
there's a ton out there yeah how do you
know which ones might work everybody's
different so I tried what what God led
me to in the beginning which was Budwig
can you explain that process too before
we go in what does that entail max it's
flaxseed oil and cottage cheese
so it's emulsified together doctor
joanna budwiq she was a biochemist and a
pharmacologist
and also doctor and she found that when
you emulsify flax oil and cottage cheese
it creates a sulfur rated probe protein
which actually penetrates the cancer
cell wall and delivers oxygen to the
cancer cell and it also provides the
body with you know the flax oil the
omega-3s and that are lacking so and
then you utilizing that with sunlight
afterwards actually helps with the
energy it's like a biochemistry thing it
works really well
for most cancers and she was actually
saving people you know thousands of
people when they were on their deathbed
the doctors sent them home to die they
could no longer eat
she was actually giving that treatment
to them in an enema and to where it
healed them enough to where now they
were able to eat and then she could give
the protocol to them you know by mouth
and it was working so saving people you
know from death and it worked pretty
immediately with me maybe because I had
never had chemo or radiation anything
like that so I don't know it was really
receptive with me does it depend on
where the cancer is at do you think in
your body and what type you have well
yeah it depends on which type you have
there is a list that I have in my book
of you know the different types of
cancer that works the best for and of
course you have to eat a certain way
because with bite awake there's a lot of
contradiction therapies and see what
happens is a lot of people are so scared
you know when you have cancer you know I
mean naturally so that you're searching
the internet for everything you can and
you
start trying everything and the problem
with it is this is why a lot of people
will die from cancer when they're doing
alternatives is they're doing a lot of
contradictory therapies and I've seen
this happen with people where they'll
try you know Budwig with an oxygenated
therapy at the same time and Budwig
strictly you know forbids that because
she says it doesn't they don't mesh well
together so if you're doing these two it
could actually send you to your deathbed
quicker so it was amazing the
biochemistry of everything and how it
works so it was really pretty
fascinating yeah I've read through
medical journals everything else to kind
of put it all together and tie it all
together
how many alternative treatments did you
try I'd only I'd done the bed way girl I
had done apricot kernels the juicing
detoxification obviously coffee enemas
mm-hmm I did wheatgrass didn't really be
much for me and I did some essiac did
you see any results from from all of
those or what did you what did you
notice well what I noticed is when you
do too many treatments at once because I
experiment on my body all the time I'm
still experimenting I always have like
at least six experiments going on in my
body at the same time what I noticed is
when you combine all of these treatments
at once because like I would get up in
the morning and I would do you know my
pineapple will the enzymes for bromelain
I would do the pineapple I would do the
Budwig protocol I would do a glass of
green juice and I would do my apricot
kernels within an hour before I'd go out
and hiking well what happened when I
started doing that was within ten
minutes of doing all of those all of the
sudden I would start sweating profusely
and I would have to run to the bathroom
and I'd be vomiting violently and then
have diarrhea and after about the third
day of doing this I finally figured out
it was detoxing my body of the cancer
too fast and so when I started to
actually spread out the treatments
throughout the day
then the detoxification was slower and I
didn't have those problems anymore
but I see that happen because I do
consultations as well and I do see that
with a lot of the cancer patients that
when they are detoxing too fast they
will get dizzy they'll get the Ericsson
reaction as well and they'll be vomiting
or diarrhea and not feel well so I tell
them to spread out their therapy
you